welcome to the New MiKandi App Store
This video will demonstrate all the hot new
features we have in store for you.
Upon first launching the store, you will be
prompted to
either Login
create a new account
Or you can skip and do this later.
Create Your Account
It's FREE
Simple
and
Private
So Why create an account?
With your MiKandi Account
You can rate and comment on apps
Buy and Earn Virtual Currency
and conveniently access all your downloads,
app purchases and account info anytime on
your mobile device
You now have full access to the hottest app
store for adults.
The New MiKandi Store is divided into three
main sections:
The App Store
The MiAccount Section
And the MiKandi Theater
Let's Check out the New App Store First
MiKandi makes it fast and fun to browse and
discover adult apps.
You can mix and match your app search results
by changing the user feedback filters and
categories
And for Android 1.6 and up, try voice search.
Go ahead and say anything you want, we're
all adults here.
How About Pink Visual?
Nice. And it's free.
Select the app to learn more.
You will find detailed information on the
app, the app developer, screenshots and comments
Select Get App to Install
Once downloaded, you'll be instantly prompted
to allow installation and accept permissions.
Click Install and you're done.
Now Let's check the app store for paid apps.
Paid Apps are indicated by a Gold MiKandi
Logo, which represents MiKandi Gold
Our official Virtual Currency.
To purchase a premium app with MiKandi Gold,
first select the app
Check out the app details.
This looks sexy awesome, let's buy it.
Confirm Purchase
YOu will now be prompted to login and purchase
MiKandi Gold in The MiAccount Section
In the MiAccount section, you can buy Gold
in bundles starting at $5 US,
Earn Gold by completing exclusive offers and
check your account history.
With your MiKandi Gold Account, your billing
is securely set one time and now you can spend
your gold to buy apps and perform in-app purchases
with 1 click.
In the Mi Account section, you can also view
all the apps you've installed, both free and
paid
Access all your saved videos
Or review your account settings and change
password
A Fully integrated experience all within the
store
Now let's view the MiKandi Theater
In this area, you will find video reviews
of the hottest apps and other FAQ Videos.
Stay tuned and log in daily as we have some
exciting features coming up for the theater
soon.
So there you have it!
A New Kind of App store
All the hottest apps from around the world
are now at your fingertips
Have Fun!